Hi!  Thanks for taking an interest in my offline Star Wars LCG deck builder!  

PLEASE NOTE: This deck builder is only meant for the players in the Star Wars 
LCG community WHO OWN THE ACTUAL CARDS.  The Star Wars IP belongs to Disney and 
Lucasfilm LTD.  Star Wars The Card Game is copyrighted material of FFG.  The 
card images are copyrighted to FFG and their respective artists.


The Deck Editor:

The deck editor is for deck construction.  If you click on a row in the grid, 
you will see the card appear in the card viewer pane.  Please note that you can 
expand/contract the panes within the form by left-clicking and dragging the 
'separators' within the form.  

IMPORTANT:  YOU MUST SELECT A FACTION CARD before you'll be allowed to enter any 
other cards into a constructed deck.  They are located at the top of the grid 
when the grid is in the Card ID# sort order (ascending).

To put an objective set into your deck, double-click on a card within the grid.
This puts a single copy of the entire objective set into the decks you are 
constructing (both Objective deck and Command deck).  To remove an objective set 
from your decks, simply double-click on a card within the 'Deck constructed 
view' pane (lower-left under the card viewer pane) and all cards from that 
single set will be removed from the decks (both Objective deck and Command 
deck).  

The 'Deck constructed view' pane shows your current decks broken down by card 
types.  Your entire Objective deck is contained within the Objectives viewer 
component.  Your Command deck is all the others (Units, Enhancements, Events, 
Fate Cards, and Missions).  This view pane allows you to get an idea 
at-a-glance of what is in your decks for card types.

If you click on a card from within the 'Deck constructed view' pane, that row 
will be highlighted within the grid and the card will be shown in the 'Card 
viewer' pane.  ONE THING TO NOTE:  If you single-click a card within any of the 
constructed view card types in the constucted deck viewer pane, the grid 
filters that were set on the Card Database grid automatically RESET so the 
card can be shown in the card viewer pane and be highligted in the database 
grid (this is by design and not a bug - I just want the users to be aware).

If you click on a 'header' within any of the constructed card type views (i.e. 
the title or the '====' characters) the view will expand/contract to allow you 
to see all the cards within it's view.  Experiment with it a little and I think 
you'll soon get the hang of it.

The 'Grid' can be sorted by using the grid filter buttons which are located 
above the actual database grid.  If you single-click the headers of the columns 
they will sort alphabetically both ascending and descending.  A bit of 
experimentation with the filters will most likely get you what you want.  

You can also right-click on the grid to view the highlighted card's entire 
objective set.  Right-clicking to either side of the objective card or the 
window's 'X' closes it again.

Also, you can include your own card scans if you like.  Since the program takes
all it's image files from '.\DBFiles\images', you'll want to store your card 
scans in this directory.  Then you simply highlight a card in the database grid 
that you want to replace, drag your image file from '.\DBFiles\images\' folder 
and drop it onto the form's card image.  You should see your scan replace the 
previous image.


The Deck Stats tab:

Not much to say here.  I pretty much stole/copied what CardGameDB.com did with 
it's visual deck breakdown because I liked what DarthBane did there.  The stats 
are visual breakdowns of your decks.

At the bottom of this tab if you scroll down you'll find the opening hand 
selector / objective flop buttons.  This gives you an idea of what kind of 
opening hands you would draw with your current decks, both opening hands and 
Objective flops.

I really appreciate any feedback/suggestions you may have for the program, if 
you find it useful.  I like to do these types of projects as hobby programming.
Drop me a line at crazymoo25@gmail.com to tell me what you think!

Thanks,
Scott 
